Add permissions link (#966)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: _shared_content/ioccollections.md

You can then easily see telemetry on these collections and use them inside detection rules.

> IOC Collections are available directly from the menu inside the Intelligence Center with CTI permissions described [here](../../../../docs/getting_started/Permissions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the Intelligence Center, you can access IOC Collections directly from the menu. The CTI permissions required for access are detailed [here.](../getting_started/Permissions.md)
```

> Inside the Intelligence Center, you can access IOC Collections directly from the menu. The CTI permissions required for access are detailed [here.](../getting_started/Permissions.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the Intelligence Center, you can access IOC Collections directly from the menu. The CTI permissions required for access are detailed [here.](/getting_started/Permissions)
```
